That finishes up
the installation
of the sliding glass door.
And you want to be sure that
the door stile is parallel to
the joint.
This door is perfect.
Good job, al.
Thank you, tim.
We also added a feature
I think you're gonna enjoy.
At home your door always stays
open, allowing pesky insects
Or that annoying insurance
salesman in.
That's why we've installed
the binford 6100 slide master.
It automatically closes the door
once you've walked through it.
(cheers and applause)
Good.
As nice as
that feature is,
There's always that energetic
mosquito that slides in.
Or a claims adjuster. Boom!
They're in and you don't
even know about it. Right?
So I modified this bad boy to
close ten times faster than
a normal one.
You did?
Yes!
I used a small magnetic diffuser
from binford, right?
You just turn it up to
the speed you want.
(whirring)
Ahh! All right.
Try it. Show them.
Heidi, please demonstrate
the door.
Yeah, right.
All right. I'll do it.
Presto. You walk through
and the door shuts.
(crash)
(man yells)
When you install these
at home,
You might want to use
shatterproof glass.
And a small part of
your brain.
That's it for the show.
Join us tomorrow
When we show our segment,
"the resourceful tool man."
And our discussion panel,
"sump pumps: How they work..."
And are they the right thing
to wear with an evening gown?
(♪ "tool time" theme)
Hey! Hey!
Great show, tim.
Thank you, boss.
Tell that to the guy you just
sent to the emergency room.
Oh, boy.
Hey, dave!
Use my name down there you'll
get the tim taylor suite.
Put pressure on that.
Use some salve
and ointments on that.
You know, tim, it occurred to
me that you and I have never
gone out socially.
If you're asking me out on
a date, I'll need more time.
I gotta get my hair done
or something.
Would you and jill like to
go bowling with me and my wife
tonight?
And afterwards we can
grab some dinner.
It sounds like it's
right up my alley.
Yeah, all right.
Ok. Good deal.
You know, ilene
and I love to bowl.
And, you know,
we're free tonight.
You're still free tonight.
Hey, randy.
Hey.
You don't have
a date tonight, right?
Why do you always assume
I have no life?
Well, do you have plans?
Totally free. What's up?
Angela wants you to go out
with her younger sister.
You'd really like jessica.
She thinks you're cute,
and she's cute.
She takes after my dad's side
of the family, which is a drag
Because they're all alcoholics
and drink themselves into
an early grave.
Is she anything like you?
Yeah. People say we're
really alike.
Randy, it's your lucky day.
She'll be so disappointed if
you don't go out with her,
So just think about it 'cause
it would mean a lot to her...
Ok, ok! I'll, like,
totally think about it.
Great.
Don't worry.
He'll come around.
Hi.
Bye.
What was all that about?
Nothing.
Brad and angela are trying
to get me to go out with
her little sister.
I'm kind of worried she's gonna
be as annoying as angela.
Now, randy, don't be
so judgmental.
Hey! I am not the one who said
angela's a giant fingernail
And the world is
her blackboard.
That was a private conversation
I was having with your father.
Hey.
Oh!
Hi.
Put away the fish,
get out your bowling shoes.
We're going bowling, having
dinner with bud and his wife
tonight.
Tonight? I can't go tonight.
I have that lecture for
my abnormal psych class.
You don't have to go to that.
You know what they're gonna say.
"there's a lot of crazy people
out there and there's nothing
we can do about it."
You're living proof of that.
This means an awful lot to me.
No, honey. I can't just
drop everything
Because bud wants to
go bowling.
This is not about bowling.
This is about my future
with binford.
I got big plans. This could be
the start of the tim taylor
empire.
The tim taylor empire?
(laughs)
Come on. Why does it just have
to be tool time?
How about car time?
And we could add the spin-off,
tool time: The next generation.
And how about
an interactive tim?
I've been looking for one of
those for years.
Come on. When an important guy
like bud asks you to socialize,
You do it because
it's good for your career.
Well, what about my lecture?
Can't you find somebody to
videotape it?
I mean, how many times have
I asked you to do something
like this?
If I do this for you,
what do I get out of it?
The satisfaction of knowing
you're on the ground floor
Of the beginning of
the tim taylor empire.
How about a watch?
All right!
Do you ever wonder how many
feet have been in a pair of
rented bowling shoes?
No. But my guess would be
an even number.
Tonight, if you
don't mind,
Let's not talk about
your psychology class.
I want to make sure
bud's having a good time.
You're gonna tell me what I can
and cannot say to the man?
Just a suggestion,
you know?
I want to make sure
that he's in a good mood
To listen to my ideas.
I don't know.
If you're gonna treat me
this way, maybe I shouldn't
have come.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean that.
I'm just a little nervous.
I want everything to go well.
I need you, I want you here.
I mean, the empire wouldn't be
an empire without an empress.
With you by my side...
Hey, tim!
Hey, you know the rest.
Hey, bud.
Hey, tim!
Tim, how are you doing?
Tim, jill, this is
my wife jean.
Hi. It's nice to meet you.
You too.
Finally, jean.
I feel like I know you
from watching tool time.
Jean's a big fan of
the show.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I just love the clever way you
pretend to be so inept.
It's a gift.
So, how are the psychology
classes going, jill?
Well, I'd tell you, but I don't
want to ruin your evening.
I understand.
School is tough.
When I went back to
get my degree,
I had to go at night
because I was working full-time.
Really?
I never thought I'd make it,
but here I am.
Yeah. Bowling with
the tool man.
That's the dream
that kept me going.
Yes! Yes!
Three strikes in a row!
I can't believe it!
How far are we ahead now?
You're up by ten.
Do you have to ask
after every frame?
Yes, I do.
Bud, will you relax?
I am relaxed.
I'm hungry.
Can we order some food?
Yeah.
Oh, no, no. I don't allow
food on the lanes.
Somebody always spills
something.
You don't allow it?
We understand.
Of course we understand.
You're watching your weight
anyway, honey. It's ok.
Excuse me?
Did you say something
about my weight?
I said, "let's wait.
And we'll eat later."
I'm gonna go get myself
a big old tub of popcorn
With lots of extra butter.
Well, since we're
taking a break,
I'm getting myself
a new rosin bag.
And when I come back, you're not
gonna know what hit you.
What's the matter with him?
You'll have to excuse bud.
He's... He's very competitive.
Well, that's how guys
like us are.
Yeah, but when bud loses,
he holds a grudge.
What do you mean?
Well, last year the vice
president of his textile
company out-bowled him.
Bud transferred him
to the manufacturing division.
So?
In pakistan.
Huh?
Excuse me. I'm gonna go bowl
real quick before bud gets back.
That way I can avoid the -
"honey, let me show you
what you did wrong" speech.
Can I talk to you
about your bowling?
I am bowling the best game of
my life. Isn't it great?
It is.
Can you stop?
What?
Well, apparently, bud is a bad
loser. He holds a grudge.
So, you want me to throw
The best game of my life
because bud is a sore loser?
You used to do it with the boys
when they played go fish.
When they were five!
Go, honey.
Hey, look at that!
Yeah! All right!
Strike!
Wait a minute. Aren't you
rooting for the wrong team?
You're not jill.
That's jill.
Must be the lighting.
Remember that tip I gave you
about bowling correctly?
I'm not interested
in your tips.
Ripped your pants.
Oh!
So, jessica,
did you like the pizza?
Well, I...
She totally loves pizza.
Remember that time we were
in that chinese restaurant?
Oh, yeah...
She asked mr. Woo,
"do you have pizza?"
He stared like she was crazy.
It was so embarrassing.
She should have just had
a hamburger like I did.
Wait. You got a hamburger
at a chinese restaurant?
I've never heard of that.
I always get the burrito.
(car horn honks)
Oh, that must be mom.
I hope you had
a nice time, jessica.
Thanks, randy. I...
Jessica, stop yakking.
Mom's waiting.
Bye.
See you, guys.
Hope you had fun.
(randy) bye.
Well, what did you
think of jessica?
Well, I'll let you know when
angela actually lets her talk.
Yeah, but you gotta admit
she's pretty fine.
You know, when I go out
with a girl, I like to know
She can actually finish
a sentence.
Like my woman.
Yeah, just like that.
Would you let it go already?
Nobody is gonna ship
you off to pakistan!
Except maybe me.
All I know is every pin
you knocked down
Killed another one of
my dreams.
You are being ridiculous.
Bud is not gonna hold
this against you.
Didn't you notice after
the fifth frame,
The man hardly said a word?
So he was a little quiet.
Well, a quiet bud is a mad bud.
And a mad bud is a bad bud.
The mood he was in, it was
impossible for me to
Talk about my plans
for binford.
You think I jeopardized your
entire future by bowling well?
If the rented shoe fits...
Ahh!
If I'd known you'd act like
this, I wouldn't have let
you come.
Let me come?
You begged me to come!
Because I thought
you'd be helpful.
You are absolutely
unbelievable.
First you make me
miss my lecture.
Then you tell me what I can
or can't say to bud.
I'm not allowed to eat.
And then I have to throw
the best game of my life.
I just wanted you to
be more flexible.
Flexible?
Whatever direction you
pointed me in, I was expected
to perform.
I was like your
little binford windup wife.
Binford doesn't make
a windup wife!
I've been your windup husband
whenever you wanted me to.
Went to the professor's house
for dinner, remember that?
Yeah! You complained
the whole night.
I did whatever you wanted!
I only asked you to
pass the onion dip!
Well, you got it,
didn't you?
You say that you need me
by your side.
And then you don't even
treat me like a person.
You acted like I was just
one of your appendages.
Well, forgive me for thinking
my career's important.
Apparently, that's all
you think is important.
Oh, that's not true.
Where you hit me with
the bowling ball I find
quite important too.
Well, that's ok. 'cause I think
it's gonna have plenty of time
to heal!
(crickets chirping)
Hey, wilson.
Am I losing my mind?
Or do I hear crickets in
the middle of winter?
Well, you certainly do,
neighbor.
I brought my pet crickets
out to serenade me.
Wilson, have you ever had
a normal pet?
Well, I had a marmoset once.
But my ocelot ate it.
You're one odd duck, wilson.
I had one of those.
Ocelot got it, too.
I'm kind of sorry
I brought it up.
Oh, tim!
Jill told me about
bowling with bud.
What did she say?
Well, she said it was
quite a brouhaha.
Well, there were no brews
and very few ha-ha's,
I'll tell you that.
Did she also mention
that she thought I was
treating her like my appendix?
Well, yes, she did.
I believe the word
she used was "appendage."
When she's in a bad mood,
It's no time to correct her
english, I'll tell you that.
And what's wrong with me
caring about my career?
Tim, maybe jill just feels
that you put your ambition
ahead of her feelings.
I'm reminded of the critic
john ruskin, who said:
"when a man is wrapped up
in himself,
He makes a very small package."
Yeah, but my grandma always
told me good things come
in small packages.
How true, how true.
Mm-hm-hm-hm-hm.
Of course, you're the one
whose wife isn't talking to him.
Mm-hm-hm-hm-hm.
And a little bit of toothpaste
will take that rust right off
your counter top.
And don't forget to floss.
Now, let's say you got paint
all over your hands
And you're out of solvent.
What does a resourceful
tool man do now?
Get some french fries.
Which is usually al's answer
for just about everything.
But, in this case,
my bloated buddy is correct.
The grease in the fries
acts as a solvent -
It'll take paint
right off your hands.
That's right. And since
your fingers are already in
the fries,
You can snack on the ones
that aren't covered in
semi-gloss.
Al, what's the next tip
from the resourceful tool man?
All right. Well, say you want
to polish up some brass
And you're out of cleaner.
The resourceful tool man will
use...
(both) ketchup.
In the tomatoes is vitamin c.
It'll take tarnish off brass.
Actually,
it's the vinegar.
I believe it's
the vitamin c.
I believe it's the vinegar.
I believe it's my show.
Could be the vitamin c.
Thank you, al.
We'll have more tips
Right after these few messages
from binford tools.
(♪ "tool time" theme)
I told you it was vitamin c!
Tim!
Would you stop for a minute...
Bud, what's the matter?
Tim, there's something
I want to talk to you about.
Oh. I knew this was coming.
I want a chance to
beat you and jill.
I want a rematch.
A rematch? I don't think
that's gonna happen.
Why not?
Jill didn't have fun,
And I won't ask her to
do it again.
Even if it means me going to
pakistan and doing turban time.
Pakistan?
Yeah.
Jean told me all about
that last vice president.
Beat you in bowling,
you shipped him off to pakistan.
Ah. Oh.
Did she also tell you it was
her idiot brother who embezzled
money from the company?
I think she might have
left out that little detail.
I built that plant
in pakistan
So we'd have a place
to send him.
You wouldn't hold a grudge
against someone who beat you.
Of course not. I'm a better
businessman than that.
In that case, I got some ideas
I want to run by you
About binford and my future.
Well, I want to hear them.
Call my secretary and make
an appointment, ok?
Oh, oh, wait a minute.
I sent her to pakistan, too.
No.
Don't you wanna at least hear
what I have to say?
No.
The only reason I came...
No!
I'll take that as a "no."
Hey, mark.
Just 'cause I love you.
No.
I'm sorry about what happened in
the bowling alley.
I acted like an idiot.
Tim, it's not just
about last night.
This kind of stuff has been
happening ever since you
went to work for bud.
It has?
Yeah.
Remember the weekend that we
were gonna have together,
Just the two of us?
It ended up being
the three of us, didn't it?
Exactly.
I'm afraid that whenever
bud says, "jump,"
You're gonna say,
"how high?"
And I'm gonna be
the one you land on.
I'll try not
to land on you.
Tim, I don't want you to
forget about your ambition.
I really don't.
I just don't want you
to forget about me.
I don't want to do that.
Well, if my ambition gets
in the way, just,
Um... Like, make sure
that I know about it.
Ok.
I'm ready for
those flowers now.
No.
Hey, tell you what. Let's do
something fun tonight. Um...
You pick.
Anything you want to do.
Well, we could go upstairs,
Get the lights down low...
(grunting) oh, yeah.
Get in bed.
Oh, yeah.
And spend the next
three hours...
Eh!
Considering where I got hit
with that bowling ball,
that's optimistic.
Actually, I was thinking
about listening to the tape of
that lecture I missed.
That might hurt more
than that bowling ball.
Oh, look at this.
We got our nachos,
pizza and chili fries.
Yeah! Let's put on
some weight.
This is the way
bowling should be.
A nice, relaxed game,
no husbands, lots of food.
Oh, boy! This is what
bowling's all about.
No food, no wives
And no going home
until I beat you.
(clears throat)
Did my wife tell you what
happened to the vice president
who threw the game?
Wearing a turban?
Fez.
I'm reminded of the critic
john ruskin, who said:
"when a man is wrapped up
in himself,
He makes a very small package."
Hm. My uncle bobo
once told me...
Did my wife tell you what
happened to the vice president
who threw the game?
Wearing a turban?
Fez.
Morocco!